{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10586}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs36\lang9 REFERENCES\fs28\par

\pard\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj  [1] A. Abbas, and S. U. Khan, \ldblquote A review on the state-of-the-art privacypreserving approaches in the e-health clouds,\rdblquote  IEEE J. Biomed. Health Inform., vol. 18, no. 4, pp. 1431\f1\endash\f0 1441, Jul. 2014.\par
 [2] D. C. Kaelber, A. K. Jha, D. Johnston, B. Middleton, and D. W. Bates, \f1\ldblquote\f0 A research agenda for personal health records (PHRs),\f1\rdblquote\f0  J. Am. Med. Inform. Assn., vol. 15, no. 6, pp. 729\f1\endash\f0 736, 2008. \par
[3] S. Yu, C. Wang, K. Ren, and W. Lou, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Achieving Secure, Scalable, and Fine-grained Data Access Control in Cloud Computing,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. IEEE Infocom, San Diego, CA, USA, Mar. 2010, pp. 1\f1\endash\f0 9.\par
 [4] E. Abukhousa, N. Mohamed, and J. Aljaroodi, \f1\ldblquote\f0 E-Health Cloud: Opportunities and Challenges,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Future Internet, vol. 4, no. 3, pp. 621\f1\endash\f0 645, Jul. 2012.\par
 [5] J. Vilaplana, F. Solsona, F. Abella, R. Filgueira, and J. Rius, \f1\ldblquote\f0 The cloud paradigm applied to e-Health,\f1\rdblquote\f0  BMC Med. Inform. Decis., vol. 13, no. 1, pp. 35, 2013. \par
[6] S.Wang,J.Zhou,J.K.Liu,J.Yu,J.Chen,andW.Xie,\f1\ldblquote\f0 AnEf\f1\u-1279?\f0 cientFile Hierarchy Attribute-Based Encryption Scheme in Cloud Computing,\f1\rdblquote\f0  IEEE Trans. Inf. Foren. Sec., vol. 11, no. 6, pp. 1265\f1\endash\f0 1277, Jun. 2016.\par
 [7] L. Li, X. Chen, H. Jiang, Z. Li, and K. C. Li, \f1\ldblquote\f0 P-CP-ABE: Parallelizing Ciphertext-Policy Attribute-Based Encryption for clouds,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. 17th IEEE/ACIS Int. Conf. Softw. Eng., Artif. Intell., Netw. Parall. Distr. Comput., Shanghai, China, May. 2016, pp. 575\f1\endash\f0 580.\par
 [8] H. Qian, J. Li, Y. Zhang, and J. Han, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Privacy-preserving personal health record using multi-authority attribute-based encryption with revocation,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Int. J. Inf. Secur., vol. 14, no. 6, pp. 487\f1\endash\f0 497, 2015. [9] C. Guo, R. Zhuang, Y. Jie, Y. Ren, T. Wu, and K. R. Choo, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Finegrained Database Field Search Using Attribute-Based Encryption for E-Healthcare Clouds,\f1\rdblquote\f0  J. Med. Syst., vol. 40, no. 11, pp. 235, 2016. \par
[10] L. Liu, J. Lai, R. H. Deng, and Y. Li, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Ciphertext-policy attribute-based encryption with partially hidden access structure and its application to privacy-preserving electronic medical record system in cloud environment,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Secur. Commun. Netw., vol. 9, no. 18, pp. 4897\f1\endash\f0 4913, 2016.\par
 [11] H. S. G. Pussewalage, and V. Oleshchuk, \f1\ldblquote\f0 A Patient-Centric Attribute Based Access Control Scheme for Secure Sharing of Personal Health Records Using Cloud Computing,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. 2nd IEEE Int. Conf. Collaboration Int. Comput., Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Nov. 2016, pp. 46\f1\endash\f0 53.\par
 [12] A. Sahai, and B. Waters, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Fuzzy identity-based encryption,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Adv. Cryptol. Eurocrypt, vol. 3494, pp. 457\f1\endash\f0 473, May. 2005.\par
 [13] J. Bethencourt, A. Sahai, and B. Waters, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Ciphertext-policy attributebased encryption,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. IEEE Sympo. Secur. Priv., Oakland, CA, USA, May. 2007, pp. 321\f1\endash\f0 334.\par
 [14] V. Goyal, O. Pandey, A. Sahai, and B. Waters, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Attribute-based encryption for \f1\u-1279?\f0 ne-grained access control of encrypted data,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. 13th ACM Conf. Comput. Commun. Secur., Alexandria, VA, USA, Oct. 2006, pp. 89\f1\endash\f0 98. \par
[15] ASTM E2369 Standard Speci\f1\u-1279?\f0 cation for Continuity of Care Record(CCR), ASTM International, 2012. \par
[16] J. A. Akinyele, M. W. Pagano, M. D. Green, C. U. Lehmann, Z. N. Peterson, and A. D. Rubin, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Securing electronic medical records using attribute-based encryption on mobile devices,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. 1st ACM Workshop Secur. Priv. Mob. Dev., Chicago, IL, USA, Oct. 2011, pp. 75\f1\endash\f0 86.\par
[17] Y. Wu, Z. Wei, and R. H. Deng, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Attribute-based access to scalable media in cloud-assisted content sharing networks,\f1\rdblquote\f0  IEEE Trans. Multimedia, vol. 15, no. 4, pp. 778\f1\endash\f0 788, 2013.\par
 [18] T. S. Chen, C. H. Liu, T. L. Chen, C. S. Chen, J. G. Bau, and T. C. Lin, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Secure Dynamic Access Control Scheme of PHR in Cloud Computing,\f1\rdblquote\f0  J. Med. Syst., vol. 36, no. 6, pp. 4005\f1\endash\f0 4020, 2012.\par
 [19] D. Chen, L. Chen, X. Fan, L. He, S. Pan, and R. Hu, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Securing PatientCentric Personal Health Records Sharing System in Cloud Computing,\f1\rdblquote\f0  China Commun., vol. 11, no. 13, pp. 121\f1\endash\f0 127, 2014.\par
 [20] F. Prasser, F. Kohlmayer, H. Spengler, and K. Kuhn, \f1\ldblquote\f0 A scalable and pragmatic method for the safe sharing of high-quality health data,\f1\rdblquote\f0  IEEE J. Biomed. Health Inform., vol. 22, no. 2, pp. 611\f1\endash\f0 622, 2018.\par
 [21] H. Kuehner, and H. Hartenstein, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Decentralized Secure Data Sharing with Attribute-Based Encryption: A Resource Consumption Analysis,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. 4th ACM Int. Workshop Security Cloud Comput., Xi\f1\rquote\f0 an, Shaanxi, China, May. 2016, pp. 74\f1\endash\f0 81. \par
[22] K. Yang, K. Zhang, X. Jia, M. A. Hasan, and X. S. Shen, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Privacypreserving attribute-keyword based data publish-subscribe service on cloud platforms,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Inf. Sci., vol. 387, pp. 116\f1\endash\f0 131, 2017.\par
 [23] L. Duan, D. Liu, Y. Zhang, S. Chen, R. P. Liu, B. Cheng, and J. Chen, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Secure Data-centric Access Control for Smart Grid Services based on Publish/Subscribe Systems,\f1\rdblquote\f0  ACM Trans. Internet. Technol., vol. 16, no. 4, pp. 23, 2016. \par
[24] W. Li, W. Ni, D. Liu, R. P. Liu, P. Wang, and S. Luo, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Fine-grained Access Control for Personal Health Records in Cloud Computing,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. 85th Vehicular Tech. Conf. (VTC Spring), Sydney, NSW, Australia, Jun. 2017, pp. 1\f1\endash\f0 5.\par
 [25] S. Hohenberger, and B. Waters, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Online/of\f1\u-1278?\f0 ine attribute-based encryption,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. Int. Workshop Public-Key Cryptography, Buenos Aires, Argentina, Mar. 2014, pp. 293310.\par
 [26] Y. Rouselakis, and B. Waters, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Practical constructions and new proof methods for large universe attribute-based encryption,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. ACM SIGSAC conf. Comput. Commun. Security, Berlin, Germany, Nov. 2013, pp. 463\f1\endash\f0 474. \par
[27] A. Lewko, and B. Waters, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Unbounded HIBE and attribute-based encryption,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. EUROCRYPT, Tallinn, Estonia, May. 2011, pp. 547\f1\endash\f0 567. \par
[28] J. Horwitz, and B. Lynn, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Toward Hierarchical Identity-Based Encryption,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. EUROCRYPT, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, Apr. 2002, pp. 466\f1\endash\f0 481.\par
 [29] P. Ananth, Z. Brakerski, G. Segev, and V. Vaikuntanathan, \f1\ldblquote\f0 From selective to adaptive security in functional encryption,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. CRYPTO, Santa Barbara, CA, USA, Aug. 2015, pp. 657\f1\endash\f0 677. \par
[30] J. Han, W. Susilo, Y. Mu, and J. Yan, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Privacy-preserving decentralized key-policy attribute-based encryption,\f1\rdblquote\f0  IEEE Trans. Parall. Distr., vol. 23, no. 11, pp. 2150\f1\endash\f0 2162, 2012.\par
 [31] M. Li, S. Yu, Y. Zheng, K. Ren, and W. Lou, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Scalable and secure sharing of personal health records in cloud computing using attributebased encryption,\f1\rdblquote\f0  IEEE Trans. Parall. Distr., vol. 24, no. 1, pp. 131\f1\endash\f0  143, 2013.\par
 [32] M. Barua, X. Liang, R. Lu, and X. Shen, \f1\ldblquote\f0 ESPAC: Enabling Security and Patient-centric Access Control for eHealth in cloud computing,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Int. J. Security Netw., vol. 6, no. 2\f1\endash\f0 3, pp. 67\f1\endash\f0 76, 2011.\par
 [33] B. Dan, and M. K. Franklin, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Identity-Based Encryption from the Weil Pairing,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. CRYPTO, Santa Barbara, CA, USA, Aug. 2001, pp. 213\f1\endash\f0 229. [34] J. Eom, D. H. Lee, and K. Lee, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Patient-Controlled Attribute-Based Encryption for Secure Electronic Health Records System,\f1\rdblquote\f0  J. Med. Syst., vol. 40, no. 12, pp. 253, 2016.\par
 [35] R. Wu, G. J. Ahn, and H. Hu, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Secure sharing of electronic health records in clouds,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. 8th Int. Conf. Collaborative Comput., Netw., Appl. Worksharing, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Oct. 2012, pp. 711\f1\endash\f0 718.\par
 [36] D. W. Chadwick, and K. Fatema, \f1\ldblquote\f0 A privacy preserving authorisation system for the cloud,\f1\rdblquote\f0  J. Comput. Syst. Sci., vol. 78, no. 5, pp. 13591373, 2012. \par
[37] H. Kondylakis, G. Flouris, I. Fundulaki, V. Papakonstantinou, and M. Tsiknakis, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Flexible Access to Patient Data through e-Consent,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proc. 5th EAI Int. Conf. Wireless Mob. Commun. Healthcare, London, Great Britain, Oct. 2015, pp. 263-266.\par
 [38] Secure Hash Standard (SHS), FIPS Publication 180-4, National Inst. Standards and Technol., 2015. \par
[39] The Ciphertext-Policy Attribute-Based Encryption Toolkit, [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://acsc.cs.utexas.edu/cpabe/ }}{\fldrslt{http://acsc.cs.utexas.edu/cpabe/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
 [40] The Pairing-Based Cryptography Library (PBC), [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://crypto.stanford.edu/pbc/ }}{\fldrslt{http://crypto.stanford.edu/pbc/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
 [41] The OpenSSL Library, [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.openssl.org/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.openssl.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
}
 